DEFAULT
----------

Welcome.
Current user accounts file read successfully.
Available tickets file read successfully.

login
----------

Enter username: 
Username accepted.



Logout
----------

Logout complete.


create
-------

Enter the username to create: 
Enter the user type: 
User created successfully.


delete
-------

Enter the username to delete:
User deleted successfully.
User deleted successfully as well as any outstanding tickets.

sell
-----

Enter the event title: 
Enter the sale price in dollars: 
Enter the number of tickets for sale: 
Tickets listed for sale successfully.


buy
----

Enter the event title: 
Enter the number of tickets to purchase: 
Enter the seller's username: 

Cost per ticket: $10.00
Total cost of tickets: $40.00
Purchase tickets? Please confirm (yes/no): 

Ticket purchase transaction canceled.
Tickets purchased successfully.


refund
-------

Enter the buyer's username: 
Enter the seller's username: 
Enter the amount of credit to transfer: 
Buyer refunded successfully.


addcredit
-----------

Enter the amount of credit to add: 
Enter the username to which credit is being added: 
Credit added successfully.

Non-admin:

Enter the amount of credit to add: 
Credit added successfully.



Error messages
----------------

garbage transaction:
    Invalid transaction.

already logged in:
    Invalid transaction, you are already logged in.

deleting yourself:
    Invalid transaction, you cannot delete yourself.

doing a privileged operation as non-priv user:
    Invalid transaction, you do not have the necessary privileges.

doing anything other than login before logging in:
    Invalid transaction, only login accepted.

generic invalid transaction, when logged in:
    Invalid transaction.

ATF Not found:
    Available tickets file not found, check arguments provided.

CUA Not found:
    Current user accounts file not found, check arguments provided.

corrupt ATF:
    An error occurred reading the available tickets file, data corrupted.

corrupt CUA:
    An error occurred reading the current user account file, data corrupted.

invalid user:
    Invalid username.

Unknown user:
    Invalid username, username does not exist.

invalid username length:
    Invalid username, username cannot exceed 15 characters.

invalid username, END is reserved:
    Invalid username, username cannot be "END".

invalid username, user exists:
    Invalid username, user already exists.

invalid username, cannot purchase tickets from self.
    Invalid username, you cannot purchase tickets from yourself.


invalid title name, too short?
    Invalid event title.

invalid title name, does not exist:
    Invalid event title, event title does not exist.

invalid title length, too long:
    Invalid event title, event title cannot exceed 19 characters.

title cannot contain END:
    Invalid event title, event title cannot contain the word "END".

invalid ticket sale price, must be dollars:
    Invalid value, amount must be in dollars (e.g. 10.00).

invalid credit amount, must be dollars:
    Invalid value, amount must be in dollars (e.g. 10.00).

invalid ticket sale price, must be positive:
    Invalid value, amount cannot be less than 0.00.

seller not found listed in ATF selling any tickets...
    "Invalid seller username, seller is not selling any tickets."

ticket not found, event title and seller both exist, but no ticket with the
title provided was found being sold by the seller:
    Tickets not found, specified seller is not selling tickets to that event.



invalid credit amount, must be positive:
    Invalid value, amount cannot be less than 0.00.

invalid credit amount, cannot exceed 1000.00:
    Invalid credit value, amount cannot exceed 1000.00.


invalid ticket sale price, cannot exceed 999.99:
    Invalid sale price, amount cannot exceed 999.99.

invalid credit amount, cannot exceed 999,999:
    Invalid credit amount, user credit cannot exceed 999999.99.

invalid ticket volume:
    Invalid number of tickets, volume must be an integer value (e.g. 25).

invalid ticket volume, must be positive:
    Invalid number of tickets, volume cannot be less than 0.

invalid ticket volume, cannot exceed 100:
    Invalid number of tickets, volume cannot exceed 100.

invalid ticket purchase, cannot buy more than 4:
    Invalid number of tickets, cannot purchase more than 4 tickets.

one sell per session.
    Invalid transaction, only one sell transaction per session accepted.


invalid purchase confirmation, yes/no
    Invalid confirmation, please enter "yes" or "no".
